Add and update hyperfunctions for Toolkit 1.6 (#947)
timescale/docs: api/gauge_agg.md

# gauge_agg() <tag type="toolkit" content="Toolkit" /><tag type="experimental" content="Experimental" />
Produces a `GaugeSummary` that can be used to accumulate gauge data for further
calculations. 
```sql
gauge_agg (
    ts TIMESTAMPTZ,
    value DOUBLE PRECISION
) RETURNS GaugeSummary
```

<highlight type="warning">
Experimental features could have bugs. They might not be backwards compatible,
and could be removed in future releases. Use these features at your own risk,
and do not use any experimental features in production.
</highlight>

For more information about counter and gauge aggregation functions, see the
[hyperfunctions documentation][hyperfunctions-counter-agg].

## Required arguments

|Name|Type|Description
|-|-|-|
|`ts`|`TIMESTAMPTZ`|The time at each point|
|`value`|`DOUBLE PRECISION`|The value at that timestamp|

Only `DOUBLE PRECISION` values are accepted for the `value` parameter. For gauge
data stored as other numeric types, cast it to `DOUBLE PRECISION` when using the
function.

<highlight type="note">
Both `ts` and `value` can be `NULL`, but the aggregate is not evaluated on
`NULL` values. If the aggregate receives only a `NULL` value, it returns

> `NULL`. If it receives both non-`NULL` and `NULL` values, it ignores the `NULL`

Reviewer: While this may be our goal, it doesn't seem to be true for any of our aggregates any longer due to https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb-toolkit/issues/362

I just added a test for state_agg and can confirm it is suffering the same bug.

Author: Answered my own question :) I tested with `counter_agg` and it worked if some values were `NULL` but not if all values were `NULL`

---
api_name: gauge_agg
api_category: hyperfunction
api_experimental: true
hyperfunction_toolkit: true

> hyperfunction_family: 'counter aggregation'

Reviewer 2: Would suggest something like 'metric aggregation'

> hyperfunction_subfamily: FrequencyAggregate

Author: ```suggestion
hyperfunction_subfamily: 'gauge aggregation'
```

For more information about counter and gauge aggregation functions, see the
[hyperfunctions documentation][hyperfunctions-counter-agg].

## Required arguments

|Name|Type|Description
|-|-|-|
|`ts`|`TIMESTAMPTZ`|The time at each point|
|`value`|`DOUBLE PRECISION`|The value at that timestamp|

Only `DOUBLE PRECISION` values are accepted for the `value` parameter. For gauge
data stored as other numeric types, cast it to `DOUBLE PRECISION` when using the
function.

<highlight type="note">
If there are `NULL` values in your data, the aggregate ignores them. At least
some of the values must be non-`NULL`. Otherwise, you get an error.
</highlight>

## Optional arguments

|Name|Type|Description|
|-|-|-|
|`bounds`|`TSTZRANGE`|The largest and smallest possible times that can be input to the aggregate. Calling with `NULL`, or leaving out the argument, results in an unbounded `GaugeSummary`|

<highlight type="important">
Bounds are required for extrapolation, but not for other accessor functions.
</highlight>

## Returns

|Column|Type|Description|
|-|-|-|
|`gauge_agg`|`GaugeSummary`|A `GaugeSummary` object that can be passed to accessor functions or other objects in the gauge aggregate API|

> The returned `GaugeSummary` can be used as an input to the same accessor
> functions as `CounterSummary`, except for `num_resets`.

Author: ```suggestion
<highlight type="important">
The returned `GaugeSummary` can be used as an input the accessor functions
`delta`, `idelta_left`, and `idelta_right`. When this feature is mature, it will support
all the same accessor functions as `CounterSummary`, with the exception of
`num_resets`.
</highlight>
```

---
api_name: gauge_agg
api_category: hyperfunction
api_experimental: true
hyperfunction_toolkit: true
hyperfunction_family: 'counter aggregation'

> hyperfunction_subfamily: FrequencyAggregate

Reviewer 2: This subfamily seems wrong
